# Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: September 2, 2025**

This Privacy Policy explains how the Translator application ("the App") handles user information.
The App is a personal project developed by Samuel Wakoli to demonstrate the capabilities of Google
ML
Kit for language identification and translation. As the developer, I am committed to protecting your
privacy, and this policy outlines the practices regarding data collection, use, and sharing.

## Data Collection

The App does not collect, store, or transmit any personal data from its users. All processing,
including language identification and translation, is performed on-device using Google ML Kit's
machine learning models. No user input, text, or other data is sent to external servers or stored
locally by the App beyond the duration of its use for processing the requested task.

## Use of Google ML Kit

The App utilizes Google ML Kit for on-device language identification and translation. Google ML Kit
processes data locally on your device, and no data is sent to Google or any third-party servers for
these functions. The App may download ML Kit models (e.g., language identification or translation
models) to your device, which requires an internet connection. These downloads are managed by Google
ML Kit and do not involve the collection of personal data. For more information on Google ML Kit’s
data practices, please refer to:

* [ML KIT Terms of Service](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/terms)
* [Google’s Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

## Data Sharing

Since the App does not collect or store any user data, no data is shared with third parties,
including advertisers, analytics providers, or any other entities. The App is not monetized and does
not integrate with any third-party services that could access user information.

## Data Security

As no personal data is collected or stored, there are no specific security measures required for
user data. The App operates locally on your device, and all processing is handled securely by Google
ML Kit’s on-device technology.

## Children’s Privacy

The App is not directed toward children under the age of 13, and as it does not collect any personal
data, it complies with applicable regulations such as the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (
COPPA).

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

The developer may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the App’s
functionality or legal requirements. Any updates will be posted within the App, and the "Last
Updated" date at the top of this policy will be revised.

## Developer Contact

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the App, please contact the
developer at:

**Email**: swwakoli@gmail.com

Thank you for using Translator. The developer is committed to maintaining your privacy :)